Hey, what should take you to my place, baby doll?
Sorry, I don't do private dances.
She'll strip her money, but you won't fuck a guy?
I'm not a hooker, show some respect.
You fucking bitch, I'll show you respect.
Mr. Morgan, I am so sorry.
She's new here, I've got a trainer better.
Just have a seat, we'll be with you shortly.
Sorry about that.
Bitch, you remember who saved your ass?
When you were knee deep in debt?
Me!
How are we doing with the search?
Not good, boss, I'm still going.
What a text.
I found the perfect one for you.
It's about time you settle down and get married.
Her name is Carla.
She's a daughter with friend of mine.
Dad, we've been over this.
I don't need you to find me the perfect woman.
Of course I do.
You're an Arduan.
I have to make sure my son marries the perfect woman.
So now all of a sudden, you give a shit about me?
You never care when you drove mom away?
Or when you send me to that orphanage all by myself?
Silence, how dare you?
It's for the Arduan family business.
You're American Count of Jennings.
End of discussion.
Dad.
I paid your 500 grand debt, and I gave you a job.
Now if you want to quit so bad, pay me back and get the fuck out of my clump.
Please, you know, I don't have $500,000, just give me another chance.
Then get the fuck back in there.
Apologize to that nice gentleman and do whatever the fuck he tells you to do.
Now if I get any more complaints from our clients, you will be sorry.
Got it!
Is there a problem here?
No sir, everything's fine.
She looks just like her.
Lee, marry me.